Use non descriptive names for group property values (#65)
NLnetLabs/draft-toorop-dnsop-dns-catalog-zones: draft-ietf-dnsop-dns-catalog-zones.md

With a `group` property, consumer(s) can be signaled to treat some member zones within the catalog zone differently.

The consumer MAY apply different configuration options when processing member zones, based on the value of the `group` property.
A `group` property value is stored as content of a TXT record directly below the member node.
The exact handling of the `group` property value is left to the consumer's implementation and configuration.

The producer MAY assign a `group` property to all, some, or none of the member zones within a catalog zone.
The producer MAY assign more than one `group` property to one member zone. This will make it possible to transfer group information for different consumer operators in a single catalog zone.

> Consumer operators SHOULD namespace their group property values to limit risk of clashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementations MAY facilitate mapping of a specific `group` value to specific configuration configurable *on a per catalog zone basis* to allow for producers that publish their catalog zone at multiple consumer operators.
Consumer operators SHOULD namespace their group property values to limit risk of clashes.
```

@mind04 Adding this (adapted) suggestion again because the previous one was outdated because of follow-up commits.

> Consumer operators SHOULD namespace their `group` property values to limit risk of clashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is RECOMMENDED for `group` property consumer implementations, to make the mapping of a specific `group` value to specific configuration configurable on a per catalog zone basis to allow for producers that publish their catalog zone at multiple consumer operators.
Consumer operators SHOULD namespace their `group` property values to reduce the risk of having to resolve clashes.
```

Author: Per zone templating is definitely possible, but it should not be a recommendation in the draft. All this is entirely up to the implementors and/or the operators of catalog zones.

Reviewer: Ack... I'll edit to soften it a bit by replacing RECOMMENDED with MAY

Reviewer: Done. @mind04 is this better?

The consumer MUST ignore `group` property values it does not understand.
When a consumer encounters multiple `group` property values for a single member zone, it MAY choose to process all, some or none of them. This is left to the implementation.

#### Example

Group properties are represented by TXT resource records. The record content
has no pre-defined meaning. Their interpretation is purely a matter
of agreement between the producer and the consumer(s) of the catalog.

> For example, the "template-x" group could be agreed to indicate that a zone not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the "foobar" group could be agreed to indicate that a zone not
```

```
<unique-1>.zones.$CATZ        0 IN PTR    example.com.
group.<unique-1>.zones.$CATZ  0 IN TXT    "foo"
<unique-2>.zones.$CATZ        0 IN PTR    example.net.
group.<unique-2>.zones.$CATZ  0 IN TXT    "operator-x-foo"

> group.<unique-2>.zones.$CATZ  0 IN TXT    "operator-y" "bar"

Reviewer 2: Is this admissible? Further up, we say: `A `group` property value is stored as content of a TXT record`

Here it seems we're storing two such values in one record (as opposed to having two records at the same owner name). I recall @Habbie saying in the past that there's only one such value per record.

I have no stakes at all, just raising the point in case it is a mistake.

Reviewer: I noticed this too, but I interpreted it differently as "operator-y" "bar" being one group property value. Since we had no previous text disallowing more than one TXT rdata field, I thought it was a good clarification to use as an example too.

Author: It is intentional, the last example is there to point out that any value that fits in TXT will do. The draft has no opinion about what the producer and consumer operators agree on.

Reviewer 2: I think that's confusing. I would like to suggest to restrict group property values to a single character string (in the sense of [RFC 1035 Section 3.3.14](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc1035#section-3.3.14)), unless there's a usecase for doing the opposite.

Actually, I think it would be need to specify that *any* character string in the TXT RRset represents one group property value, regardless of whether they're in one or several records. Considering that, all of these three would be equivalent:

```
; case 1
group.<unique-2>zones.$CATZ  0 in TXT   "operator-y" "bar"
group.<unique-2>zones.$CATZ  0 in TXT   "baz"

; case 2
group.<unique-2>zones.$CATZ  0 in TXT   "baz" "operator-y" "bar"

; case 3
group.<unique-2>zones.$CATZ  0 in TXT   "operator-y"
group.<unique-2>zones.$CATZ  0 in TXT   "bar"
group.<unique-2>zones.$CATZ  0 in TXT   "baz"
```

I think this is the approach of least confusion while still covering all use cases (AFAIK).

Reviewer 2: > It is intentional, the last example is there to point out that any value that fits in TXT will do. The draft has no opinion about what the producer and consumer operators agree on.

Fair; as I said, I have no stakes, but confusion should be avoided. If this is the intent, then in line 288 let's replace
```
A `group` property value is stored as content of a TXT record directly below the member node.
```
by
```
A `group` property value is stored as the entire Rdata of a TXT record directly below the member node.
```
to make it fully clear. (I think the word `content` is too ambiguous, because people could mis-take it to mean a character string only.)

Reviewer: I don't like it that way @peterthomassen because it would make properties less generic. Now it is one RR one property value. Also, we had restrictions on group property values removed earlier in commit 718d25d2

Reviewer: :) I think we're interlacing replies. I do support your suggestion to rephrase "content" with "the entire Rdata".

```
<unique-1>.zones.$CATZ        0 IN PTR    example.com.

> group.<unique-1>.zones.$CATZ  0 IN TXT    "template-x"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
group.<unique-1>.zones.$CATZ  0 IN TXT    "foobar"
```
